Made requested change by GKE to meet expectation (#5535)
triton-inference-server/server: deploy/gke-marketplace-app/README.md

Where <xx.yy> is the version of NGC Triton container needed.

![GKE Marketplace Application UI](ui.png)

We want to discuss HPA autoscaling metrics users can leverage. GPU Power(Percentage of Power) tends to be a reliable metric, especially for larger GPU like V100 and A100. GKE currently natively support GPU duty cycle which is GPU utilization in `nvidia-smi`. We ask users always profile their model to determine the autoscaling target and metrics. When attempting to select the right metrics for autoscaling, the goal should be to pick metrics based on the following: 1, meet SLA rrequirement. 2, give consideration to transient request load, 3, keep GPU as fully utilized as possible. Profiling comes in 2 aspects: If user decided to use Duty Cycle or other GPU metric, it is recommend establish baseline to link SLA requirement such as latency with GPU metrics, for example, for model A, latency will be below 10ms 99% of time when Duty Cycle is below 80% utilized. Additionally, profiling also provide insight to model optimization for inference, with tools like [Nsight](https://developer.nvidia.com/nsight-systems).

> As the application deployed successfully, get the public ip from ingress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the application is deployed successfully, get the public ip from ingress:
```
